# Processes for configuration to exercise magaoxMaths
# Process-ID            Executable
isTIC                   xindiserver
usbdu0                  acronameUsbHub
camtip                  baslerCtrl
camtip-dark             shmimIntegrator
camsci                  baslerCtrl
camsci-dark             shmimIntegrator
camzyla                 zylaCtrl
camzyla-dark            shmimIntegrator
camzyla-sw		streamWriter
camzyla-avg             shmimIntegrator
camzyla-fit             pupilFit
camzyla-slopes          pwfsSlopeCalc
cam4p                   baslerCtrl
cam4p-dark              shmimIntegrator
cam4p-sw                streamWriter
cam4p-avg               shmimIntegrator
cam4p-fit               pupilFit
cam4p-slopes            pwfsSlopeCalc
mzmqServerTIC           mzmqServer
dmkilo                  bmcCtrl
kiloModes               dmMode
tic_toc_indi            sshDigger
